content/staff/adam-baca.md, before:

---
firstName: Adam
middleName: C.
lastName: Baca
group: Directors
affiliations:
  - affiliation: Member AICPA (American Institute of Certified Public Accountants)
  - affiliation: Member NMSCPA (New Mexico Society of Certified Public Accountants)
  - affiliation: Member NACVA (National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts)
title: CPA/ABV, CVA
email: adam.baca@bacahoward.com
phone: (505) 2003800
photo: adam-baca.jpg
credentials:
  - credential: Bachelor of Accountancy, Baylor University, 2005
  - credential: Master’s in Taxation, Baylor University, 2005
  - credential: Certified Public Accountant, New Mexico and Texas
  - credential: Certified Valuation Analyst
---

Adam Baca is a graduate of the Baylor University School of Business and has practiced public accounting in Albuquerque since 2007. His expertise lies in tax, business valuations, and accounting matters servicing clients in a wide range of industries. His tax practice specialties include federal and state income taxes and business valuation.

Baca was a senior associate with Deloitte Tax, LLP in Houston, Texas for three years. At Deloitte, Baca specialized in expatriate tax compliance and consulting.

Accredited in Business Valuation.

Commit message:

Update Staff Member “adam-baca”

content/staff/adam-baca.md, after:

---
firstName: Adam
middleName: C.
lastName: Baca
group: Directors
title: CPA/ABV, CVA
email: adam.baca@bacahoward.com
phone: (505) 2003800
photo: adam-baca.jpg
credentials:
  - credential: Bachelor of Accountancy, Baylor University, 2005
  - credential: Master’s in Taxation, Baylor University, 2005
  - credential: Certified Public Accountant, New Mexico and Texas
  - credential: Certified Valuation Analyst
affiliations:
  - affiliation: Member AICPA (American Institute of Certified Public Accountants)
  - affiliation: Member NMSCPA (New Mexico Society of Certified Public Accountants)
  - affiliation: Member NACVA (National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts)
---
C﻿EO and Managing Director of Baca & Howard P.C.

Adam Baca is a graduate of the Baylor University School of Business and has practiced public accounting in Albuquerque since 2007. His expertise lies in tax, business valuations, and accounting matters servicing clients in a wide range of industries. His tax practice specialties include federal and state income taxes and business valuation.

Baca was a senior associate with Deloitte Tax, LLP in Houston, Texas for three years. At Deloitte, Baca specialized in expatriate tax compliance and consulting.

Accredited in Business Valuation.
